---
layout: post
headline: One Vote
title:  "One Vote | Elizabeth Furse announces candidacy for Washington County Commission"
date:   2014-01-09 14:00:00
categories: update
---

Dear Friends, 
I'm proud to announce that this morning I officially filed for Washington County Commission District 4.

It's been nearly 15 years since I served our area in Congress, and running for office again wasn't on the top of my agenda. But after watching one bad decision after another by our current County Commission, I became increasingly frustrated. The leaders of Washington County simply have the wrong priorities. They're focused on helping land developers, rather than citizens. They squander desperately needed school and social service dollars on sprawl that ruins our farmland. And it occurred to me, if I really can't stand it, I ought to do something about it.

I have a simple goal: make Washington County work for all of us. I'll do that by making sure we prioritize schools and services, and we promote growth that protects farmland and stops wasteful sprawl. We need new jobs, but they have to be smart and sustainable. We can grow without turning Hillsboro into Southern California.

Changing one vote on the County Commission can dramatically change the direction we're headed. One vote saves farms. One vote promotes schools. Help start me off strong, [be one of the first to donate to my campaign](https://secure.c-esystems.com/elizabethfurse/donation.aspx).

Since returning from Congress to my Washington County Farm, I've watched progress erode as tax giveaways are handed to developers, backroom deals are made, and traffic clogging roads stem from unplanned communities. I'm running because I believe I can bring a much needed change to county leadership, and prioritize what matters most.

[Make a donation today, and give me the kick-start I need to win.](https://secure.c-esystems.com/elizabethfurse/donation.aspx)

I look forward to having many conversations with you in the days and months to come, and I'm looking forward to making a difference with you this May.

Sincerely,

Elizabeth